# Frog Controller Game
This project is a multiplayer game where players control frogs using a web interface. The game is built using Python, Pygame for the game logic, Flask for the web server, and Socket.IO for real-time communication between the server and the clients.

## Project Structure
* main.py: This is the main script of the game. It contains the game logic, the Flask server setup, and the Socket.IO event handlers.
* map_builder.py: This script is used to build the game map. It listens for keyboard events and creates MapComponent instances accordingly.
* rotate_colors.py: This script is used to generate different color variations of the frog sprites.
* templates/index.html: This is the HTML template for the web interface of the game. It includes the buttons for controlling the frogs and the Socket.IO client-side script.
*imgs/: This directory contains the original frog sprites.
*color_rotated_imgs/: This directory contains the color-rotated frog sprites generated by rotate_colors.py.

## How to Run
To run this project, you need to have Python and the required packages installed. You can install the required packages using pip:

``` pip install pygame flask flask_socketio pillow pynput ```

Then, you can run the main.py script to start the game and the server:

``` python main.py ```

The connection address is printed to the terminal, and you should re-run the server the first time and adjust the on-screen text to be correct.

``` port_string = "Your connection address/text here" ```

Adjust in main.py.

## Colors

Colors can be adjusted in main.py - once that's done, run map_builder.py to generate the alterations.

## Game Controls

The game can be controlled using the buttons on the web interface:

* Up: Makes the frog jump up.
* Left: Makes the frog move to the left.
* Right: Makes the frog move to the right.
* Grab: Makes the frog grab an object.


## TODO:

Playtest notes: 
* Minimum max height for players to spawn, to avoid spamming. 
* Sometimes freezes screen - no error message?

Refactor to make the code actually usable
Try out joystick?